{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Consolas;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green102\blue204;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\keepn\sb480\sa120\b\f0\fs44 Nuclear Fallout ML Simulator v2.0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 Author: Goran Backlund\line Built on CSharpNumerics GeoEngine (csnumerics.com)\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\b\fs28 Table of Contents\b0\fs24\par
\pard\li360\sb60\sa30 1. Overview\par
2. Requirements\par
3. Installation\par
4. Quick Start (Step-by-Step Tutorial)\par
5. Demo Scene Guide\par
6. Interactive Controls\par
7. Configuration Parameters\par
8. Script Reference\par
\pard\li720\sb30\sa30 8.1 SimulationConfig\par
8.2 FalloutSimulationManager\par
8.3 DemoSimulation\par
8.4 CesiumFalloutRenderer\par
8.5 FalloutColorMapper\par
8.6 FalloutExporter\par
8.7 SimulationUIController\par
\pard\li360\sb60\sa30 9. Export Formats\par
10. Physics Model\par
11. CSharpNumerics API Reference\par
12. Troubleshooting\par
13. License\par
\pard\sb60\sa60\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa120\b\fs32 1. Overview\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 Nuclear Fallout ML Simulator is a Unity asset for Monte Carlo nuclear fallout simulation with ML clustering, probability mapping, and optional Cesium 3D globe visualization.\par
\pard\sb60\sa60\b Pipeline:\b0  Physics (Gaussian Plume/Puff) \u8594? Monte Carlo (N scenarios) \u8594? ML Clustering (K-Means / ClusteringGrid) \u8594? Probability Map \u8594? Export (GeoJSON / CZML / CSV)\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 All computation is handled by CSharpNumerics. This Unity asset provides visualization, UI, and export integration.\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa120\b\fs32 2. Requirements\b0\fs24\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  Unity 2021.3 or newer\par
\bullet  CSharpNumerics.dll (included in Assets/Plugins/CSharpNumerics/)\par
\bullet  Optional: Cesium for Unity (com.cesium.unity) for 3D globe visualization\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa120\b\fs32 3. Installation\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa60\b Step 1:\b0  Import the package into your Unity project via the Asset Store or by importing the .unitypackage file.\par
\pard\sb60\sa60\b Step 2:\b0  Verify that \f1 Assets/Plugins/CSharpNumerics/CSharpNumerics.dll\f0  is present. If not, build it from the included source or download from NuGet.\par
\pard\sb60\sa60\b Step 3:\b0  Open the demo scene at \f1 NuclearFalloutML/Demo/Scenes/FalloutDemo.unity\f0  and enter Play Mode to verify installation.\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa120\b\fs32 4. Quick Start (Step-by-Step Tutorial)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Method A: Using the Demo Scene (Recommended)\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30 1. Open \f1 NuclearFalloutML/Demo/Scenes/FalloutDemo.unity\f0\par
2. Select the "Fallout Simulation" GameObject in the Hierarchy\par
3. In the Inspector, adjust parameters under Simulation Config (source coordinates, wind, MC iterations, etc.)\par
4. Press Play \u8212? the simulation runs automatically and displays a probability heatmap\par
5. Use the interactive controls (see Section 6) to explore results\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Method B: Adding to Your Own Scene\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30 1. Create an empty GameObject in your scene\par
2. Add the \f1 DemoSimulation\f0  component (Add Component \u8594? NuclearFalloutML.Demo \u8594? DemoSimulation)\par
3. Configure parameters in the Inspector\par
4. Enter Play Mode \u8212? the demo auto-creates its own Camera, Canvas, and heatmap visualization\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Method C: Production Setup with Manager\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30 1. Add a \f1 FalloutSimulationManager\f0  component to a GameObject\par
2. Add a \f1 CesiumFalloutRenderer\f0  component (requires Cesium for Unity installed)\par
3. Configure parameters via the custom Inspector\par
4. Enter Play Mode and click "Run Simulation"\par
5. Results are visualized on the Cesium globe and exported to the configured directory\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa120\b\fs32 5. Demo Scene Guide\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 The included demo scene (\f1 FalloutDemo.unity\f0 ) contains:\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \b Main Camera\b0  \u8212? Standard camera (the demo may reposition it at runtime)\par
\bullet  \b Directional Light\b0  \u8212? Scene lighting for visual quality\par
\bullet  \b Fallout Simulation\b0  \u8212? GameObject with the DemoSimulation component pre-configured\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 When you press Play, the DemoSimulation component:\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30 1. Builds a CSharpNumerics RiskScenario pipeline\par
2. Runs Monte Carlo simulation with N scenarios\par
3. Performs ML clustering analysis (K-Means with multiple K values)\par
4. Creates a full-screen Canvas with a probability heatmap overlay on an OpenStreetMap background\par
5. Displays a color legend and real-time statistics\par
6. Exports results to GeoJSON, CZML, and CSV in the configured export directory\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 No manual setup is required. The demo is fully self-contained.\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa120\b\fs32 6. Interactive Controls\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 While the demo is running in Play Mode:\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \b Left/Right Arrow\b0  \u8212? Step through time indices (view different time snapshots)\par
\bullet  \b Space\b0  \u8212? Play/pause automatic time advancement (0.5 seconds per step)\par
\bullet  \b C\b0  \u8212? Cycle view mode: Probability \u8594? Concentration \u8594? Activity \u8594? Dose \u8594? Clusters\par
\bullet  \b M\b0  \u8212? Toggle ML statistics panel (shows clustering pipeline rankings)\par
\bullet  \b Up/Down Arrow\b0  \u8212? Adjust heatmap overlay opacity\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa120\b\fs32 7. Configuration Parameters\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 All parameters are exposed in the Unity Inspector via the SimulationConfig class.\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Source Location (WGS84)\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \b SourceLatitude\b0  (double, -90 to 90, default: 55.605) \u8212? Event latitude\par
\bullet  \b SourceLongitude\b0  (double, -180 to 180, default: 13.004) \u8212? Event longitude\par
\bullet  \b SourceAltitudeMeters\b0  (double, default: 50) \u8212? Source altitude in meters\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Source Term\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \b EmissionRateKgPerS\b0  (double, default: 5.0) \u8212? Mass emission rate in kg/s\par
\bullet  \b StackHeightMeters\b0  (float, 0-2000, default: 50) \u8212? Effective release height in meters\par
\bullet  \b Radioisotope\b0  (string, default: "Cs137") \u8212? Material type (Cs137, I131, Sr90)\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Atmospheric Conditions\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \b WindSpeedMs\b0  (float, 0.5-50, default: 10) \u8212? Mean wind speed in m/s\par
\bullet  \b WindDirectionX\b0  (float, default: 1) \u8212? Wind direction X component (east)\par
\bullet  \b WindDirectionY\b0  (float, default: 0) \u8212? Wind direction Y component (north)\par
\bullet  \b Stability\b0  (enum, default: D_Neutral) \u8212? Pasquill-Gifford stability class (A-F)\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Monte Carlo Settings\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \b MonteCarloIterations\b0  (int, 10-100000, default: 20) \u8212? Number of scenarios to simulate\par
\bullet  \b RandomSeed\b0  (int, default: 42) \u8212? Seed for reproducibility (0 = random)\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Scenario Variation\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \b WindSpeedVariationMin/Max\b0  (float) \u8212? Wind speed variation range for MC\par
\bullet  \b WindDirectionJitterDeg\b0  (float, 0-90, default: 15) \u8212? Direction jitter sigma in degrees\par
\bullet  \b EmissionRateVariationMin/Max\b0  (double) \u8212? Emission rate variation range\par
\bullet  \b StabilityWeightC/D/E\b0  (float, 0-1) \u8212? Stability class probability weights (should sum to ~1)\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Grid Settings\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \b GridExtentMeters\b0  (float, default: 500) \u8212? Half-extent from source in meters\par
\bullet  \b GridAltitudeMaxMeters\b0  (float, default: 100) \u8212? Maximum altitude in meters\par
\bullet  \b GridStepMeters\b0  (float, 1-100, default: 50) \u8212? Grid cell size in meters\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Time Settings\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \b TimeStartSeconds\b0  (double, default: 0) \u8212? Simulation start time\par
\bullet  \b TimeEndSeconds\b0  (double, default: 600) \u8212? Simulation end time\par
\bullet  \b TimeStepSeconds\b0  (double, default: 60) \u8212? Time step duration\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Plume Mode\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \b PlumeMode\b0  (enum: SteadyState / Transient, default: Transient)\par
\bullet  \b PuffReleaseSeconds\b0  (double, default: 10) \u8212? Puff release duration (Transient mode only)\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Export\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \b ExportDirectory\b0  (string, default: "FalloutExport") \u8212? Output directory relative to project root\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa120\b\fs32 8. Script Reference\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 All scripts use the CSharpNumerics library for computation. Unity scripts provide configuration, visualization, and export wrappers.\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa60\b\fs28 8.1 SimulationConfig\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Namespace:\b0  NuclearFalloutML.Core\line\b File:\b0  Runtime/Scripts/Core/SimulationConfig.cs\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 A [Serializable] class containing all simulation parameters. Exposed in the Unity Inspector with [Header], [Range], and [Tooltip] attributes for ease of use. See Section 7 for all fields.\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa60\b\fs28 8.2 FalloutSimulationManager\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Namespace:\b0  NuclearFalloutML.Core\line\b File:\b0  Runtime/Scripts/Core/FalloutSimulationManager.cs\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 MonoBehaviour that orchestrates the full CSharpNumerics RiskScenario pipeline.\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Public Methods:\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \f1 RunSimulation()\f0  \u8212? Starts the async simulation pipeline\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Public Properties:\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \f1 bool IsRunning\f0  \u8212? Whether simulation is currently executing\par
\bullet  \f1 ScenarioResult ScenarioResult\f0  \u8212? The completed result object\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Events:\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \f1 OnSimulationProgress(float)\f0  \u8212? Progress callback (0-1)\par
\bullet  \f1 OnStatusUpdate(string)\f0  \u8212? Status message callback\par
\bullet  \f1 OnClusteringComplete()\f0  \u8212? Fired when ML clustering finishes\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa60\b\fs28 8.3 DemoSimulation\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Namespace:\b0  NuclearFalloutML.Demo\line\b File:\b0  Demo/Scripts/DemoSimulation.cs\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 Self-contained MonoBehaviour that runs the complete pipeline and creates a runtime visualization. Attach to any GameObject and enter Play Mode. Creates its own Camera, Canvas, and heatmap at runtime.\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Public Fields:\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \f1 SimulationConfig config\f0  \u8212? Simulation parameters (Inspector)\par
\bullet  \f1 int textureResolution\f0  \u8212? Heatmap texture size (64-2048, default: 512)\par
\bullet  \f1 bool autoRun\f0  \u8212? Whether to run automatically on Start\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa60\b\fs28 8.4 CesiumFalloutRenderer\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Namespace:\b0  NuclearFalloutML.Visualization\line\b File:\b0  Runtime/Scripts/Visualization/CesiumFalloutRenderer.cs\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 Renders fallout results as a 3D globe overlay using Cesium for Unity. Requires the optional Cesium for Unity package (com.cesium.unity).\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Public Methods:\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \f1 Initialize(SimulationConfig, ScenarioResult, int timeIndex)\f0  \u8212? Set up the renderer\par
\bullet  \f1 UpdateVisualization()\f0  \u8212? Refresh the visualization\par
\bullet  \f1 SetTimeIndex(int)\f0  \u8212? Change the displayed time step\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Enum:\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \f1 FalloutDisplayMode\f0  \u8212? Probability, CumulativeProbability, ClusterMap\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa60\b\fs28 8.5 FalloutColorMapper\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Namespace:\b0  NuclearFalloutML.Visualization\line\b File:\b0  Runtime/Scripts/Visualization/FalloutColorMapper.cs\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 Static utility class providing color mapping functions.\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Static Methods:\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \f1 Color ProbabilityToColor(double prob)\f0  \u8212? Maps probability (0-1) to green-yellow-red gradient\par
\bullet  \f1 Color DoseToColor(double doseMSv, double maxDose)\f0  \u8212? Maps dose to blue-cyan-green-yellow-red (log scale)\par
\bullet  \f1 Color ClusterToColor(int label, int totalClusters)\f0  \u8212? Maps cluster label to a distinct color\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa60\b\fs28 8.6 FalloutExporter\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Namespace:\b0  NuclearFalloutML.Export\line\b File:\b0  Runtime/Scripts/Export/FalloutExporter.cs\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 Static utility class for exporting simulation results.\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Static Methods:\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \f1 string ExportCsv(ScenarioResult result, int timeIndex)\f0  \u8212? Returns CSV text\par
\bullet  \f1 void SaveAll(ScenarioResult result, string outputDir)\f0  \u8212? Exports all formats to directory\par
\pard\keepn\sb240\sa60\b\fs28 8.7 SimulationUIController\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\b Namespace:\b0  NuclearFalloutML.UI\line\b File:\b0  Runtime/Scripts/UI/SimulationUIController.cs\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 Runtime UI controller that binds Inspector fields to runtime UI input fields. Provides ready-made input fields for latitude, longitude, wind speed, wind direction, MC iterations, emission rate, stack height, stability class, and display mode. Includes Run, Cancel, and Export buttons, and a progress bar.\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa120\b\fs32 9. Export Formats\b0\fs24\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \b GeoJSON\b0  \u8212? Probability contour polygons for GIS tools (QGIS, Mapbox, ArcGIS)\par
\bullet  \b CZML\b0  \u8212? Cesium globe time-dynamic visualization format\par
\bullet  \b Binary\b0  \u8212? Unity binary format for fast runtime data loading\par
\bullet  \b CSV\b0  \u8212? Full grid data (index, x, y, z, probability) for external analysis\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa120\b\fs32 10. Physics Model\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 The CSharpNumerics PlumeSimulator implements the Gaussian Plume/Puff atmospheric dispersion model:\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\qc\i C(x,y,0) = Q / (pi * sigma_y * sigma_z * u) * exp(-y\super 2\nosupersub  / 2*sigma_y\super 2\nosupersub ) * exp(-H\super 2\nosupersub  / 2*sigma_z\super 2\nosupersub )\i0\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 Where:\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  Q = emission rate (kg/s)\par
\bullet  sigma_y, sigma_z = dispersion coefficients (determined by stability class)\par
\bullet  u = wind speed (m/s)\par
\bullet  H = effective stack height (m)\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 Two modes are supported:\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \b SteadyState\b0  \u8212? Continuous emission, time-independent concentration\par
\bullet  \b Transient\b0  \u8212? Puff release with configurable duration, time-dependent spreading\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa120\b\fs32 11. CSharpNumerics API Reference\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 The simulation pipeline uses the CSharpNumerics RiskScenario fluent API:\par
\pard\sb60\sa30\f1\fs20 var result = RiskScenario\line     .ForGaussianPlume(emissionRate)\line     .FromSource(position)\line     .WithWind(speed, direction)\line     .WithStability(StabilityClass.D)\line     .WithMaterial(Materials.Radioisotope("Cs137"))\line     .WithVariation(v => v\line         .WindSpeed(min, max)\line         .WindDirectionJitter(degrees)\line         .EmissionRate(min, max)\line         .SetStabilityWeights(d: 0.6, c: 0.2, e: 0.2))\line     .OverGrid(geoGrid)\line     .OverTime(startSec, endSec, stepSec)\line     .RunMonteCarlo(iterations, seed)\line     .AnalyzeWith(clusteringGrid, evaluator)\line     .Build(threshold: 1e-6);\f0\fs24\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Key Namespaces:\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \f1 CSharpNumerics.Engines.GIS.Scenario\f0  \u8212? RiskScenario, RiskScenarioResult\par
\bullet  \f1 CSharpNumerics.Engines.GIS.Simulation\f0  \u8212? PlumeSimulator, PlumeMode\par
\bullet  \f1 CSharpNumerics.Engines.GIS.Analysis\f0  \u8212? ProbabilityMap, ScenarioClusterResult\par
\bullet  \f1 CSharpNumerics.Engines.GIS.Grid\f0  \u8212? GeoGrid, GridSnapshot\par
\bullet  \f1 CSharpNumerics.Engines.GIS.Export\f0  \u8212? GeoJsonExporter, CesiumExporter\par
\bullet  \f1 CSharpNumerics.Physics.Enums\f0  \u8212? StabilityClass (A\endash F)\par
\bullet  \f1 CSharpNumerics.Physics.Materials\f0  \u8212? Materials.Radioisotope()\par
\bullet  \f1 CSharpNumerics.ML\f0  \u8212? ClusteringGrid, KMeans, SilhouetteEvaluator\par
\bullet  \f1 CSharpNumerics.Numerics.Objects\f0  \u8212? Vector, Matrix\par
\bullet  \f1 CSharpNumerics.Statistics.MonteCarlo\f0  \u8212? MonteCarloSimulator\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Querying Results:\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30\bullet  \f1 result.ProbabilityAt(position, timeSeconds)\f0  \u8212? Query probability at a point\par
\bullet  \f1 result.ProbabilityMapAt(timeIndex)\f0  \u8212? Get probability grid for a time step\par
\bullet  \f1 result.ClusterAnalysis.DominantCluster\f0  \u8212? Get the dominant cluster\par
\bullet  \f1 result.ExportGeoJson(path)\f0  \u8212? Export to GeoJSON\par
\bullet  \f1 result.ExportCesium(path)\f0  \u8212? Export to CZML\par
\bullet  \f1 result.ExportUnity(path)\f0  \u8212? Export to Unity binary format\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa120\b\fs32 12. Troubleshooting\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Problem: "CSharpNumerics not found" compiler error\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30 Solution: Verify that CSharpNumerics.dll exists at Assets/Plugins/CSharpNumerics/CSharpNumerics.dll. If missing, rebuild from source or download from NuGet.\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Problem: Demo shows black screen\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30 Solution: Check the Console for error messages. The simulation runs asynchronously and may take a few seconds to complete. Ensure MonteCarloIterations is not set too high (start with 20 for testing).\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Problem: Cesium visualization not working\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30 Solution: Cesium for Unity (com.cesium.unity) must be installed separately. The CesiumFalloutRenderer requires #CESIUM_AVAILABLE define which is automatically set via versionDefines when Cesium is detected.\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Problem: Export files not created\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30 Solution: Check the ExportDirectory field in SimulationConfig. The directory is relative to the project root. Ensure the simulation completed successfully before exporting.\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\b Problem: Heatmap appears empty or all green\b0\par
\pard\li360\sb30\sa30 Solution: Increase the GridExtentMeters to cover a larger area, or increase EmissionRateKgPerS. The ProbabilityThreshold (default: 1e-6) filters out very low values.\par
\pard\keepn\sb360\sa120\b\fs32 13. License\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb60\sa60 This asset is licensed under the Unity Asset Store EULA. CSharpNumerics is available under the MIT License.\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\cf3\i\fs20 Nuclear Fallout ML Simulator v2.0 \u8212? Documentation generated for Unity Asset Store submission.\cf0\i0\fs24\par
}
